hi guys just bringing you another quick
outfit of the day now today I'm just
wearing some basic pieces a black skirt
which goes just above my knee and this
beautiful blue top which I got made in
Ghana now this one is a one shoulder
sleeve again it's what the back looks
like and I really like what my
seamstress did by putting this detail at
the front with these colors I think it's
really really pretty and I just cinched
in my waist with this black belt which I
seem to be wearing a lot lately it just
seems to work with everything that I put
on so why not it just holds it in
together nicely for my accessories I'm
just wearing this bangle here and my DK
and why watch and this bracelet and this
ring and my shoes today i'm wearing
these steve madden pumps which i've had
for a couple of years it's got the
platform and closed platform at the
front the nice heel i was just the basic
pump now my hair is the genesis virgin
hair this is the new one that i recently
got 24 inches to 24 inches 122 i just
put some light curls in this one and
obviously it's dropped but I don't
really care because I wasn't going for a
curly look today just more of a wavy
look I've just got a middle part and I
just got my leave out at the top I've
done a video previously on this hair so
you can check it out if you want a
little bit more information so what the
back looks like
and on my lips I've got this color here
I had it on just by itself initially but
then I just ended up putting some gloss
over it just to tone it down a little
bit so anyway that's the look guys I
hope you enjoyed it and I will see you
in my next video have a great day
she don't need no
me more people from